hey guys what's going on Renee here and
today I'm gonna open up this mega
Rayquaza collection box um I actually
got this at gamestop when I was buying
that a dragonite blister but this is not
another exclusive you can get this
anywhere else but it's got four packs a
promo card and a really cool-looking
mega rayquaza figure so let's open it up
so I'm not going to take the the pro
mode of the plastic quite yet oh there's
lots of glares but that's okay i'm going
to leave it in there though so that i
can be slow and careful with it there it
is the promo card kind of cool and we've
got four packs oh wow so there's phantom
forces przemek lash and it looks like to
roaring skies and this little guy is
there like oh okay interesting i wonder
if this stands on its own here's the
figure
there we go pretty nice actually a lot
of detail going on in this one looks
really cool I'm curious if it oh I see
there's where it's flat okay so it
stands kind of forward like that well
just take my word for it I guess all
right let's go ahead and open up these
packs will start with the phantom forces
okay got a gulp in Spiro mana ven
Annette purloined enhanced hammer swad
loon hand scope reverse loom minion and
the rare is a spiritomb really colorful
card I like that one a lot alright and
r1 primal clash pack
okay Treecko there it goes connage
meditite drill burr Shroomish lombre
Torchic really nice throw a card
tentacool reverse Combusken and the rare
Ludicolo still like that card a lot
something about Ludicolo that's just
very endearing all right oh and this is
our first roaming sky spagett and even
say anything but we have two rinks guys
here's the first one we got a gligar
Voltorb Dunsparce spero by nikhil
healing scarf execute or steven reverse
wide lens in a rare whoa mega Rayquaza x
check it out this is so fitting oh my
god this is all perfect look at that oh
my gosh you guys are they upping the
odds in these things or am I just like
crazy lucky right now the past three
things at least that I've opened I've
gotten amazing luck with four things
because no through the animal at least
the past at least this one and the past
two right
oh my god all right last back roaring
skies again me move that ax up there
okay last pack here we go fletchling
oops let that focus there it goes
fletchling togepi nattu another nattu
inkay Tropius switch Gliscor reverse
mega turbo in last rare oh shut up are
you serious full art rayquaza ax what is
going on we got mega rayquaza x and a
fuller trick yzx in the mega Rayquaza
collection box I just chucked it across
the table what even what is this you
guys I swear I'm not weighing these I'm
just lucky as heck right now amazing
amazing oh my god I can't believe it
that's like the coolest thing ever Wow
all right well that's it for today um
apparently guys go buy pokemon cards
right now because they're all fantastic
I don't even know that's it for today
thank you guys so much for watching if
you are enjoying these pack openings you
want to see more please make sure you
subscribe hit that like button every
saturday i'll be uploading TCG related
stuff mostly openings and you know
obviously there's other stuff throughout
the week lots of shiny catches and
things like that but that's it i will
see you guys next time